Yeah, you're an aunt, that's what she said about you
He keeps praising you for being smart and kind
Oh, and you're a neat freak.
But even the medicine
No one is allowed to touch it except the temporary aunt
Who are you?
Hand over the money
Otherwise, I will kill your whole family
Or let the brothers feel cool first?
Don't go don't come
Yo
Here comes a rich little fat sheep brother
Let's kill him
It's so dark
How can I show you the way?
No, what are you talking about?
Which way?
Huangquan Road, you are fucking courting death
Chen Xiaochun can't be fine
If someone is ugly, they may not even like him
Ayu, where have you been just now?
Why does it smell like blood?
poetry
I just rescued another kitten
I got scratched.
Rub the medicine for me
You know.
I don't like people touching me
I just want you
Who else could I be?
I am your fiancee
Chen Lin, you should always trust me and Lin's now
Is it about auntie?
He smelled wet.
I dressed him up and wet
Identical doll
Even fakes
You will stay with me forever
Then wish us a happy cooperation.
Send Wang Yu to hell together
Happy cooperation
fiancee